.\" Manpage for oberon-lang.
.\" test-cmd : groff -man -T utf8 oberon-lang.1 | less
.\" File a issue or create a pull request on the Github project page to correct errors or typos.
.TH OBERON-LANG "1" "2024-05-12" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
oberon-lang \- a LLVM Oberon compiler 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR
oberon-lang -h|--help
.BR
oberon-lang --version
.BR
oberon-lang [-v|--verbose] [-q|--quiet] [-I path] [-L path] [-l library,...] [-f flag,...] [-O level] [-o name] [-r|--run] module ...

.SH DESCRIPTION
oberon-lang is a compiler for the Oberon language family utilizing the LLVM compiler
infrastructure to target at wide variety of platforms. By default it built one or several
supplied modules to object files. With the "[-r|--run]" flag set it executes directly a
single module. In order to create and executable a single module must be marked as the
main module with the "[-f enable-main]" flag.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit

.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version information and exit.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Turn on debugging outputs

.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress all compiler outputs

.TP
.BR \-I path,...
Search paths for symbol files

.TP
.BR \-L path,...
Search paths for libraries

.TP
.BR \-l library,...
Static or dynamic library

.TP
.BR \-f flag,...
Compiler configuration flags
.IP
.BR sym-dir
Set output path for generated .smb files
.IP
.BR filetype
Set type of output file. [asm, bc, obj, ll]
.IP
.BR reloc
Set relocation model. [default, static, pic]
.IP
.BR target
Target triple for cross compilation
.TP
.BR \-O level
Optimization level. [O0, O1, O2, O3]

.TP
.BR \-o name
Name of the output file

.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-run
Run with LLVM JIT

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs using the GitHub issue tracker:
https://github.com/zaskar9/oberon-lang/issues?state=open
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Grossniklaus
.SH LICENSING
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Grossniklaus